Here is a README.md file explaining the code in a way that a non-technical person can understand.

🚀 Microservice Management Tool
This is a simple web application built with Python and Flask. Its purpose is to give you an easy-to-use graphical interface (GUI) to manage microservices without having to remember and type complex command-line instructions.

Think of it as a friendly control panel for your microservices.

🤔 What It Does
This tool lets you:

Select a specific Application, Environment, Space, and Foundation.

View a list of all the microservices associated with your selections. This list is loaded dynamically, so you always see the correct services.

Choose an action to perform on a microservice (e.g., start, stop, or restage).

See the exact command that will be run.

Confirm the action before it happens.

View the final result of the command, including any output or error messages.

The main benefit is that you don't need to manually log in to a system and type a long command every time you want to manage a service. This tool handles the details for you.

🛠️ How It Works (Simplified)
The application works by following a series of steps to get information and then perform an action.

1. The Control Panel (The Web Page)
The main page (index.html) is where you make all your selections using dropdown menus.

When you pick an Environment, the code "knows" what Spaces and Foundations are available and updates the other dropdowns instantly. It does this using a technique called AJAX to communicate with the server in the background without reloading the entire page.

2. Finding Microservices
Once you select an Application, Environment, and Space, the application runs a specific command in the background:
dws pcf get apps -c [application] -e [environment] -s [space]

This command is like asking the system, "Hey, can you give me a list of all the apps for these settings?"

The code then takes the raw text output from that command and carefully cleans it up to create a simple, readable list of microservice names.

3. Building the Command
As you make all your selections (application, environment, space, foundation, microservice, and action), the application automatically builds the final command string.

For example, if you choose to start the customer-service microservice in the dev space of the dev-pnf environment, the application assembles this command:
dws pcf operations start -e dev-pnf -c IFP -s dev -a customer-service -x start --foundation=EDI01_DEV

4. Confirmation & Execution
Before running anything, the tool shows you the complete command one last time on a confirmation page. This is a safety check to make sure you are doing exactly what you intended.

Once you click "Execute," the application runs the command and displays the success or failure message and any output from the system on a results page.

The core of the application is the ability to securely run system commands and handle their output, all from an intuitive web page.
